Add co-authors reference to Mars 2020 contributor badge (#6989)
github/docs: content/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/personalizing-your-profile.md

### List of qualifying repositories for Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor badge

> If you authored any commit(s) present in the commit history for the listed tag of one or more of the repositories below, you'll receive the Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor badge on your profile. The authored commit must be with a verified email address, associated with your account at the time {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} determined the eligible contributions, in order to be attributed to you. You can be the original author or [one of the co-authors](/articles/creating-a-commit-with-multiple-authors) of the commit. Future changes to verified emails will not have an effect on the badge. We built the list based on information received from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.

Reviewer: Use un-redirected URL:
```suggestion
If you authored any commit(s) present in the commit history for the listed tag of one or more of the repositories below, you'll receive the Mars 2020 Helicopter Contributor badge on your profile. The authored commit must be with a verified email address, associated with your account at the time {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} determined the eligible contributions, in order to be attributed to you. You can be the original author or [one of the co-authors](/github/committing-changes-to-your-project/creating-and-editing-commits/creating-a-commit-with-multiple-authors) of the commit. Future changes to verified emails will not have an effect on the badge. We built the list based on information received from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
```
